Docs to show how to add prometheus-istio as  grafana datasource (#9951)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/monitoring/03-02-istio.md

See the diagram for a broader view of how the Istio-related instance fits into the monitoring setup in Kyma:

![Istio Monitoring](./assets/monitoring-istio.svg)

> By default `minitoring-prometheus-istio-server` is not provided as a datasource in grafana. However, this can be enabled by adding following override 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `minitoring-prometheus-istio-server` is not provided as a data source in Grafana. However, this can be enabled by adding the override: 
```

 ```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: monitoring-overrides
  namespace: kyma-installer
  labels:
    installer: overrides
    component: monitoring
    kyma-project.io/installation: ""
data:
    grafana.dataSources.prometheusIstio.enabled: "true"
EOF
```

> Run the [cluster update process](/root/kyma/#installation-update-kyma). After finishing the upgrade process restart the grafana deployment by using following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the [cluster update process](/root/kyma/#installation-update-kyma). After finishing the upgrade process, restart the Grafana deployment by using this command:
```
